README.md, before:

# Angular template
This is a template to run Angular on [mogenius](https://mogenius.com). We use it to deploy Angular from our service library. If you have an Angular project that you want to run on mogenius feel free to add this template to your project.
## Deployment on mogenius
[mogenius](https://mogenius.com) is the easiest way to run an Angular application in the cloud. It's free, so [sign up now](https://studio.mogenius.com/user/registration) and deploy your app with mogenius.
- Read the docs: [docs.mogenius.com](https://docs.mogenius.com)
- Join our Discord community: [discord.gg/WSxnFHr4qm](https://discord.gg/WSxnFHr4qm)
- Submit your ideas: [feedback.mogenius.com](https://feedback.mogenius.com)

## AngularApp

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 11.2.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

Commit message:

fix: angular template, ssr=false, routing=true, style=scss, production=static,nginx

README.md, after:

# Angular template
This is a template to run Angular on [mogenius](https://mogenius.com). We use it to deploy Angular from our service library. If you have an Angular project that you want to run on mogenius feel free to add this template to your project.
## Deployment on mogenius
[mogenius](https://mogenius.com) is the easiest way to run an Angular application in the cloud. It's free, so [sign up now](https://studio.mogenius.com/user/registration) and deploy your app with mogenius.
- Read the docs: [docs.mogenius.com](https://docs.mogenius.com)
- Join our Discord community: [discord.gg/WSxnFHr4qm](https://discord.gg/WSxnFHr4qm)
- Submit your ideas: [feedback.mogenius.com](https://feedback.mogenius.com)

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.0.7.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.
